# classifier_using_SRGAN
building a Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) and using it to generate high resolution images for a binary classification problem


############overview##############
First, I trained a binary classifier (called modelA) on the dataset using transfer learning.
Next, I trained the SRGAN to generate 128x128 images. Each image of the training is downscaled to 32x32.
Then, I utilized the images generated by SRGAN in order to train a new model (called modelB).
Finally, I compared the performance of both models using different metrics such as F1, Accuracy, AUC.


#############Detailed##############
---modleA
Our dataset(tiny_Data) has train and test directories only. I used "split_dataset.ipynb" to split the train dir into train and val.
Then I ran "trainA.ipynb" to train modelA for 150 epochs. 

---SRGAN
In order to train the SRGAN model we need to have low reselution and high reselution images. So, "Dataset_prep.ipynb" is used to acquire 
lr_images (32x32), and hr_images(128x128).
I was able to train the SRGAN model for 20 epochs on a 8265 low reselution and 8265 high reselution images. 
The generated images looked good enough.

---super reselution images generation
I rescalled all the images in the tiny_Daset to 32x32 using "Dataset_prep.ipynb". Then, I used the SRGAN to generate the super reselution images
for modelB to train on.

---modelB
Same method for training as modelA, except now we train on the super reselution generated images.

---models compersion 
The Classification Report is printed for both models.
The confusion matrix is plotted for both models.
